Why testing is important in software engineering?
Testing is important because software failures directly impact reliability, cost, and user trust. Testing helps catch assumptions early.
it is important because if a softeare testing is not  performed properly, it can cause huge loss including finces of a nation, can crash a plane....
it has become a part of software development cycle
life cycle software testing life cycle 
1. unit testing - developer
integration testing
system testing - functional and non functional
acceptance testing

what are edge cases?
edge cases: problem occuring at extreme cases
corner cases: problem occurs when more than 1 extreme cases happen at once

Python unit testing basics...
unit testing  -  checking each method separately to know if it works as expected
i.e for a particular innput  --  expected output

5 edge cases of marksReader

1. if file misses
2. if the file is in another directory
3. empty file
4. if format of data is different in each line
5. comma is not present
6  type of data is not as expected
7. invalid data
8. if the name is too long so that 1 name and marks pair exceeds 1 line
9. if name contains commas
10. what if marks are written in the form of words

edge cases in marks analyzer file:

1. if nums is not dictionary
2. if it contains largest value of integer -- cause of overflow
3. if maximum marks isn greater than integer limit 
4. if minimum marks in smaller than integer limit 
5. marks are negative
6. if length of nums is 0
7. if type of elements in nums is not as expected
8. hardcoding maximum and minimum values would crash the system

Manual testing :
3 edge cases

1.
numbers.txt
'bjgftfyhkuhouhoujikihjfytgukjlknjfutgiujoklihgbkj......(long name exceeded one line )'
,89
'madhuri,maddukuri',68
'madhuri','sixty


for these test cases my code wont work as expected


bug reflection:
if the file is from same root folder but in different sub folder with the class using it, it caused a file not found error  thios os the bug confused me the most

please tell me how to solve it




